scaleway release blogpost (#3085)
huggingface/blog: inference-providers-scaleway.md

---
title: "Scaleway on Hugging Face Inference Providers 🔥"
thumbnail: /blog/assets/inference-providers/welcome-scaleway.jpg
authors:

>   - 

Reviewer: TBD

Reviewer 2: who are the key people from there? we can add some

  - user: celinah
  - user: julien-c
  - user: sbrandeis
  - user: Wauplin
---

![banner image](https://huggingface.co/blog/assets/inference-providers/welcome-scaleway.jpg)

# Scaleway on Hugging Face Inference Providers 🔥

We're thrilled to share that **Scaleway** is now a supported Inference Provider on the Hugging Face Hub!
Scaleway joins our growing ecosystem, enhancing the breadth and capabilities of serverless inference directly on the Hub’s model pages. Inference Providers are also seamlessly integrated into our client SDKs (for both JS and Python), making it super easy to use a wide variety of models with your preferred providers.

> This launch makes it easier than ever to access popular open-weight models like Llama 3.1, Mistral, Qwen, and Pixtral — right from Hugging Face. You can browse Scaleway's org on the Hub at https://huggingface.co/scaleway and try trending supported models at https://huggingface.co/models?inference_provider=scaleway&sort=trending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This launch makes it easier than ever to access popular open-weight models like gpt-oss, Qwen3, DeepSeek R1, and Gemma 3 — right from Hugging Face. You can browse Scaleway's org on the Hub at https://huggingface.co/scaleway and try trending supported models at https://huggingface.co/models?inference_provider=scaleway&sort=trending.
```

(taken from https://huggingface.co/models?inference_provider=scaleway&sort=trending)

Scaleway Generative APIs is a fully managed serverless service that provides access to frontier AI models from leading research labs via simple API calls. The service offers competitive pay-per-token pricing starting at €0.20 per million tokens.

The service runs on secure infrastructure located in European data centers (Paris, France), ensuring data sovereignty and low latency for European users. The platform supports advanced features including structured outputs, function calling, and multimodal capabilities for both text and image processing.

Built for production use, Scaleway's inference infrastructure delivers sub-200ms response times for first tokens, making it ideal for interactive applications and agentic workflows. The service supports both text generation and embedding models. You can learn more about Scaleway's platform and infrastructure at https://www.scaleway.com/en/generative-apis/.

> You can now use Scaleway as an Inference Provider on Hugging Face. We're excited to see what you'll build with this new provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
